This is Java JALoP Network Library (JJNL) v2.x.

JJNL v2.x implements a subscriber that receives JAL Records over a network
using the Journaling, Auditing, and Logging Protocol over HTTP (i.e.
JALoP v2.x). Simply put, JJNL v2.x is a JALoP v2.x Subscriber.

Building and Installing:

This project uses the maven (maven.apache.org) build tool, and 
is tested using the OpenJDK Runtime Environment (build 1.8.0_X).

The Java JALoP Network Library (JJNL) uses a multi-module layout, and the
entire project can be built by running maven commands in the jnl_parent
directory. The various modules are:

 - jnl_parent - This is the top-level project. Running maven commands within
      this directory affects all modules in the project. The jnl_parent module
      contains common configuration and dependency information.

 - jnl_lib - This module contains the code for the JJNL.

 - jnl_test - This module contains a utility program that acts as a JALoP Network
      Store. It uses the JNL to listen for incoming connections. It's behavior 
      is governed by a configuration file.  The path to the configuration
      file is passed as a command line argument.

Installation Instructions:

1. Install maven:
    % yum install maven

2. Package JALoP JNL project
	# Go to the root directory for the jjnl repository. 
	# Go into the jnl_parent subdirectory:
        cd {path_to}/jnl_parent

	# Build the jjnl library using maven:
		mvn clean
		mvn package

Other Options:
--------------
These steps do not need to be executed in order to use the JALoP
libraries.

To run the unit tests and generate code coverage reports, run:
	mvn test

The generated code coverage reports will appear in the directory coverage-report

To clean the target directory, run:
	mvn clean

To generate Javadoc documentation, run:
	mvn site

The generated documents will appear in the directory target/site.

This project is built and tested in the following environments:
  RedHat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 6 on x86_64
  RHEL 7 on x86_64
